hello guys welcome to my channel today
is a very important video for me a very
important topic because if I didn't do
that exact thing that I've done I
wouldn't be sitting here and I wouldn't
be in the space and my life would have
been completely different if I hadn't
studied abroad
so I'm going to talk about the aspects
that have actually changed and why I'm
strongly advocating for studying abroad
this video is a virtual collab with a
youtuber friend who's now in Germany but
she's actually from the United States
her name is Sarah and she's super
intelligent sweet and smart and I adore
her channel because it is so simple and
so stylish and she actually blogs about
simplifying your life organizing your
life in a way that motivates you to be
productive every day to do more enter
achieve more results and she actually
moved from the States to Europe so
Hypno's from her own experience for
studying abroad is when moving abroad is
and what difficulties you can encounter
and how it changes you and she's feeling
the same video and I will leave a link
below to her channel so please go and
check her channel and definitely
subscribe because she just total
inspiration guys so study brought there
are certain things that I've changed in
my life since I studied abroad and I've
done a lot of experiences so when I was
14 I went to the UK to learn English I'm
originally from Russia and then when I
was 18 I went to Germany to learn German
and then when I was 20 I went to Germany
to university so did a semester abroad
and then I went to the States and then I
went to Canada and now I'm in the state
sound like the super foreign study but
can I call myself Supra I think I'm a
pro no I think I'm a pro because also my
company said like thousands of students
abroad to study languages so but I'm
going to talk about myself today and the
first thing that's changed in me when I
went abroad was I think like breaking my
stereotypes imagine I'm this
fourteen-year-old girl from Russia and
everybody tells me marina you have to
study economics marina you have to study
law because lawyers and you know
analysts they earn a lot of money you
have to do the same and like Kenneth
please don't say no Kenneth Lisa let me
know and it's like can I really better
know so to sort my life was about when I
was 14 and I thought this is the only
way everybody should follow everybody
study law and economics and then I came
to the UK and I was staying with a host
family and there's daughter we were like
having this dinner and she sits at the
table and says I was discussing what
everyone wants to do when big girl like
me and her sister and my friends and my
friend goes like oh I want to be an
animal doctor and here goes the silence
and I'm like laying the scenario in my
head
her parents tell her are you crazy or
what and then her parents thought oh
that's a great life path you can
definitely be an animal doctor let's get
you a rabbit so you can practice taking
care of animals I like what seriously I
was like I was super impressed and the
longer I stayed in the UK the more I
realized that people are actually
choosing different paths so you can be
an animal doctor and it's okay like
nobody would judge you in Russia if you
say I want to be an animal doctor at
least in my environment everybody would
be like what so this was general
life-changing for me and I started
thinking about myself what I want to do
and yes I wanted to be a singer honestly
but then when I was 14 I realized this
is my voice is not good enough but my
second dream was be an entrepreneur and
I thought wow I want to start my own
company I didn't know what it's going to
be I thought maybe like a bakery but
this trip has actually made me wonder
what I really want not what my Russian
society was and this is life-changing
when when I came back to my country I
was like I was looking on everything
from a different point of view I knew
there's different life and neither there
are certain opportunities and I can
pursue them if not in my country than
somewhere else the second thing I
learned which is really beneficial
especially right now for me being
tolerance and be accepting other people
accepting as a lifestyle when I was
determined you to study in dressin
University of Technology I lived in a
student residence and I linked with
German girls and I thought German people
are very nice taking care of this stuff
and not leaving dirty things around but
my neighbor
were like oh my god so we never got on
the first day I tried to approach them
like hey let's be friends and they were
like sitting in the room and staring me
like I was crazy
I was like okay I was really upset
because you know I came to this country
alone and I'm like oh I'm going to do
and then they never wash their dishes
everything was smelly and dirty when
time passed I was like I was just
accepting their way of living and I came
up with the rules I said let's set up
some rules that you know who's taking
care of what they didn't really like
idea so we never got on but at least I
was able to keep our space clean and
nice the first two weeks of living with
them was horrible because I thought
something is wrong with me because they
don't want to communicate with me after
they want to be friends but then it just
you know I accepted it and I told myself
yes this is what they are and I don't
have to be friends with them we just
live in the same space and that's it I
don't have to be friends with them I
don't even need to say hi because they
never greeted me they didn't ever say hi
they're like I'm a wall and I look okay
doesn't matter this was this approach in
life when you think if it doesn't happen
to you it's okay it's not because you're
bad it's just because it's the way it is
so yeah just life life goes on the first
thing changing my accent
so my current accent and if any native
speaker is watching this video please
let me know how my accent sounds like
because when I came to the UK when I was
14 I tried to mimic everyone so my
accent was super British when I was 18
it was like after my first trip to the
UK to study English my accent was like
super British even British people
wouldn't tell that I wasn't from Great
Britain because I mastered it like crazy
but then it came to the state's when I
was 23 I guess and I realized people
don't get me in Starbucks for example
when I say I want hot hot coffee
they thought it was cold coffee because
in America say hot coffee and like what
I have to do something with my accent so
now I'm learning America
it's taken me longer because when I was
in the UK I was 14 and my brain was like
super flexible the more you grow up the
harder it is for you to mimic other
people and I'm trying doing my best when
somebody tells a joke about some movies
that was never shown in Russia but
because you've studied abroad you know
this movie and you like you feel that
you're in a community like hey bro yes I
get it it gives me kind of cool really
I let me know if you know what I'm
talking about it like understanding
other people strokes and this is just a
small aspect of it and like being in
this culture and speaking the same
language and making sure people
understand what I'm talking about the
fourth thing really important I made a
decision about a country where I want to
leave a list for the neck like two or
three years it really depends but uh
when I first traveled to the UK I fell
in love with the country and I thought
this is where I want to move but then I
thought UK so expensive in terms of
Education like if you want to do masters
you have to pay twenty thousand pounds a
year to gain a master's degree and I
like ah maybe I should consider other
cheaper countries and in like Germany
history education and I had this
opportunity to spend a semester in
Germany I received a scholarship called
da-ad
if it covers my room and board expensive
and I had to pay like 50 years of
semester for the student card and I'm
like maybe Germany's my country and I
went there and during my like I think
second month third month I realized it's
not like Germany is not my country and
there are several reasons for that first
reason was everything was stupid reason
right everything is close to the weekend
like it has my friend my German friends
what do you do on the weekend and he's
like I don't know it sit at home I clean
my apartment and I'm like I want to go
shopping a lot of those things I want
everything to be open but this is like a
small reason that's I think the main
reason was I don't actually like well
the mentalities think I don't know so I
just realized terms it doesn't feel
right that's that's the right thing
yeah it just didn't feel right and I
realized Germany's not my country and if
I didn't go on the trip I wouldn't know
that
and then I went to the state and in this
state I realized that UK is not my car
is not my country as well that the
United States is the country where want
to be because everything is open and
weekend super important right second
thing it's very competitive everybody
wants to achieve more and grow and grow
and work every day and this is kind of
what I am right now
and I think for the next couple of years
I want to stay here and then it depends
on wherever my mind or my life takes me
and the last thing which I loved about
study abroad like love look I know every
girl will get me again beginner came
from Russia Russia was Soviet country
for many many years and we didn't have
access to a lot of goose and a lot of
companies came to Russia just recently
like Starbucks came to Russia I think
like three years ago and there are so
many things that were you know we've
seen them in the movies and it was like
wow I'm gonna try Starbucks coffee I
want to try hmm outfit getting all of
those West world's benefits was very
inspiring you know it's not like I'm all
about shopping it's just because there
is these small things that motivate you
like having this cup of coffee every
morning is no because you are dependent
caffeine maybe you are but is this
ritual that makes you appreciate what
you have makes you appreciate your life
and this shopping was this thing that
motivated me as a girl to look better so
I think I think this is a guys I know I
can talk about it
endlessly and I love study abroad this
is my life this is my business
lengua trip is study abroad working
platform that I've created with my my
co-founders and our team that we created
so that let me know if you studied
abroad and or maybe dreaming website
abroad why thank you so much for
watching this and I hope to see you guys
in the next videos if you have any
questions please leave them in the
below and I was useless